Added FAQs to Workshop22 page (#40)
INTERSECT-training/intersect-training.github.io: pages/workshop22.md

1. Provide attendees with hands-on practice and demonstration
1. Help demystify buzz words

## FAQs
#### How much is supposed to be done at the end of the workshop?

> _We aim to have each module at least 90% complete by the end of the workshop._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_We aim to have each module 90% complete by the end of the workshop.
Additional refinement and improvement can happen asynchronously afterward the workshop_
```

Author: Please feel free to edit it to read however you are comfortable. I just put a number there so we would have something.

#### What topics will we work on?  
_See the [Preliminary Structure](#preliminary-structure) above for the tentative list of topics covered in the workshop._

#### What’s the format of the material?
_We will determine this during the workshop. However we anticipate the materials will reside in some sort of Git repository._

#### What happens after?
_After the workshop, we will finish curating the materials to prepare for the first [INTERSECT Bootcamp]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/bootcamps/)._

#### Can I teach one of these sections elsewhere?
_Yes. We intend to create reusable materials that can be taught in other venues._

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Is there a remote participation option?
_Not at the workshop. However, once the workshop ends we encourage community participation to extend and enhance the training material.
```

Author: This change looks good to me.
